java c DDES9015 Assessment 2 brief Title: Design Development and Entrepreneurial Business Framework Weighting: 50% Assessment type: Written Report Word count: 3000 Group work: No Submission details: Report submitted to Turnitin via Moodle by 5pm, Friday. Due: Week 11 Assessment summary: Assessment Task 02 asks students to develop their idea from Assessment Task 01 and compile a Report that communicates the development of their design solution, along with the design of a new entrepreneurial venture that could sustain the creation of value for your design solution. The report should communicate the following through both text and image: Design Solution: •    A series of low-fi prototypes that respond to your hypothesis established in Assessment 01, including evidence of iterative cycles of feedback and evaluation. Entrepreneurial Business Framework for your proposed start-up business, that supports the value of your protyped'solution'. Define, align and include the following: •    Values, Vision and Mission •    A Lean Canvas for your proposed start-up business (including your unique differentiation and competitor analysis). •    Business Model and Revenue Stream/s •    Organisational Structure and Workplace Culture •    Branding Strategy •    Precedent examples of business ventures to support your decision-making processes. Notes on completing the assessment: Each of the above topics will be introduced and explored through the lectures and tutorials in Weeks 5 - 10. Please note - your report should validate your choices by providing comparative case studies of three or more existing examples of design entrepreneurship and theory. Assessment 2 should be completed by stepping through the weekly lecture content and accompanying studio activities. These activities should then be explored in more depth and elaborated on between studios, and then compiled as a final report for submission. Your submission should demonstrate professional and designed documentation in the form. of a report that includes both text and image to communicate your work. A high quality of layout, legibility, citation diligence and professional presentation are expected. Design is the art of clear and compelling communication. Engagement: It is critical that you attend all lectures and tutorial sessions on a weekly basis to ensure you receive feedback and engage deeply with the assessment tasks. Engagement in this course is also measured through your weekly posts to Padlet, demonstrating that you are tracking with the course content as we move through it. In addition to your studio time, it is expected that you commit a further 8-10 hours a  week as a minimum to this course and the embedded assessments. Submission requirements: Please submit your Report to Turnitin (Moodle) as an optimized PDF file by 5pm Friday Week 11. Please ensure that your files are properly submitted and not left in draft form. Your PDF files must be under 40mb. Please submit via the Assessment Hub on Moodle. Please use the following naming protocol: zXXXXXXX _surname_firstname_sdes9203_task02_report.pdf Assessment criteria with marking rubric:

CRITERIA

FL PS CR DN HD Design Development of proposed solution through Rapid Prototyping (30%) Design development through Rapid    Prototyping has not been engaged with/ or is significantly underdeveloped. Design development through Rapid Prototyping has been engaged with satisfactorily, however there is room for significant improvement. Design development through Rapid Prototyping has been engaged with to a good level resulting in   well considered    low-fi p代 写DDES9015 Assessment 2 Design Development and Entrepreneurial Business FrameworkProcessing 代做程序编程语言rototypes. Design development through Rapid Prototyping has been engaged with to a high level resulting in excellent low-fi   prototypes. Design development through Rapid    Prototyping has been engaged    with to an outstanding level resulting in sophisticated low- fi prototypes.

Development Little or no Some Development of Development of Development of of an development of development of an Entrepreneurial an Entrepreneurial an Entrepreneurial Entrepreneurial an Entrepreneurial an Entrepreneurial Business Business Business Business Business Business Framework has Framework has Framework has Framework Framework has Framework has been well been conceived been conceived (30%) been evidenced/ or work is been evidenced satisfactorily, conceived and and evidenced to and evidenced to

CRITERIA

FL PS CR DN HD

significantly underdeveloped. however there is room for significant improvement. evidenced to a  good standard. an excellent standard. a sophisticated standard. Synthesis, documentation and communication (30%) The report does    not communicate a synthesised understanding of Design Thinking  processes, along with problem finding and problem reframing    techniques. Presentation is underdeveloped,   unfinished and/or unclear. The report communicates a synthesised understanding of Design Thinking  processes, along with problem finding and problem reframing techniques with room for improvement.   Presentation is neat and generally clear. The report communicates a well synthesised  understanding of Design Thinking  processes, along with problem finding and problem reframing techniques. Presentation is considered, well- structured and visually resolved. The report communicates a skilfully synthesised understanding of Design Thinking  processes, along with problem finding and problem reframing    techniques. Presentation is highly considered, and visually compelling. The report communicates an expertly synthesised understanding of Design Thinking  processes, along with problem finding and problem reframing    techniques. Presentation is highly considered and is of an exemplary visual standard. Engagement with course  materials, studioactivities and weekly tasks  (10%) Little or no engagement with the course materials, studio activities and weekly tasks has been evidenced. Some engagement with the course materials, studio activities and weekly tasks has been evidenced. Good engagement with the course materials, studio activities and weekly tasks has been evidenced. Excellent engagement with the course materials, studio activities and weekly tasks has been evidenced. Outstanding engagement with the course materials, studio activities and weekly tasks has been evidenced. Course learning outcomes addressed in this task:

  Identify opportunities to develop design knowledge and apply skills in researching selected themes, tools, methods and aspects of entrepreneurship, innovation and creativity.
  Critically analyse and discuss the influence that personal traits, environments and processes have on successfully developed, innovative ideas in relation to successful entrepreneurs.
  Communicate their observations regarding opportunities to enhance entrepreneurship, innovation and creativity through the use of applied design strategies, in well-designed presentations.

  加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
